# JAVA73.0
=============

JAVA7(OAKJAVA)3.0  is   about    machine  learning,Datascience ,Automation   with  JWEB(JDollarPart2)   is   invented by   wilmixjemin j  in  JDollar(JWEB) @2017 and OAKJAVA7(JAVA7.0).

In  today  technology  focused  on  machine learning  and  automation ;  on  the  other  side
 
 JAVA7.0  can    easily  build  any type  of  machine learning  webapplication   as   fast  as could when
 
 compared   to  other   programming  language  available  in It/SIT market.
 
 
 JDollar(JWEB) -JSLASH   is  a  automation  technology  which  can  able  to  create
 
 a   compiler   or   programming  language  with in  few  seconds  where   other
 
 technology or  any  technology  cannot able to  create  it....
 
 
 JDollar(JWEB) means   a   shortest  code    to  build  any  webapplication/ remotewebapplication   with  in    30 minutes...
 
 
 
 When  you manually  type  all  the  code   results in  slower  manner;
 
 so   a kind  of  machinelearning   application  is  essential   towards   todays  technology....
 
 This  machine learning  webapplication   is  known  as   MX-REMOTEWEBAPPLICATION......
 
 JAVA7Part3   is  about    MX-REMOTEWEBAPPLICATION  with  JWEB2.0(jdollar(JWEB))...
 
 =====================================================================

JWEB2.0
=========

JWEB2.0 is about JWEB part2 of JWEB Programming Language invented by wilmix jemin j at year 2015.

JWEB has userfriendly framework called as

JAUF.

and it has latest frameworks like

JC , Jeb, JShell, JSync, ODollar, Oplus,

WHTML, Petal, VJAVA, VSLASH ,and GJAVA.

JWEB use all these Latest P.L

for mobile and P.L like

JSAUCER with JWEB. SO JWEB is called as

a "SKY Programming Language".

Differences Between JWEB and JSAUCER

when to use?

1) JWEB is used and it permits it's latest

Frameworks and other native P.L like

C++, .Net, etc.

Hence we call JWEB as an Interactive P.L.

2) JSaucer never permits and it is used only

with mobile remotewebapplication with

mobile phones like Android.

3) One who learn JSaucer has depth knowledge

with mobile remotewebapplication.

THE LIST OF Latest Framework and Programming Language belong to JWEB part2 or interact with JWEB

with Merits

1) JAUF -> Userfriendly and GUI Design

2) JSLASH -> As a AutoGenerated compiler with in a limited amount of time.

3) JEEWeb -> used for enterprise

4) JSHELL -> used with linux

5) JSYNC -> Async enterprise Programming used with JEEJ$

6) Odollar -> Simillar to Jdk1.7 features

7)Oplus -> Used in American It sector.

8) Tdollar -> can be used as a helper Frameworks of JWEB to eliminate JWEB demerits.

9) Wsharp -> contains shortest statements and utilities

It is the best Programming language which interact with JWEB.

10) Petal -> It is used with VJAVA, JAVA, WEB professionals

11) WPLUS -> Attractive Indian latest Programming Language

12) VSlASH -> SIMILLAR to struts -spring orm Framework

13) GJAVA -> Used with google P.L

14) WHTML -> Used with JWEB and HTML

15) VJAVA -> Simillar to Jdk1.6 Features.

16) ADollar -> It is used in Advanced Business and A$ is used to interact with WEB.

17) UWEB => it is an american and U.k Programming Language based on WEB used in American and U.k sector.

18) BHTML and CSP => it is an Banking Programming Language invented in WEB.

19) JWebREmote => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L for creating remoteserver.

20) JWebJSLASH => it is an one minute Automation WEB Advanced P.L

21) SAP =>interaction with sap P.L



22) 
  JWEB2  Advanced Business
=================================
JWEB2  is focused  on  interaction  with JSWORD.

Note: Here  we use  only   JDollar.exe  and JDollar .dll 


23)  JWEB  with  JAVA7
=======================

JAVA7(OAKJAVA) -J$  is  also  a part  of  JDollarPArt2



24)  JWEB  with  AJAVA8
=======================

AJAVA8-J$  is  also  a part  of  JDollarPArt2



ABOUT OAKJAVA7 History
======================
Machinelearning and  automation with remotewebapplication  is  first introduced by  wilmix jemin at year 2017.
Python released  machinelearning  at  year 2019 only.

Note: 
======

Automation  with  Remotewebapplication/webapplication/Mobile webapplication   is  focused  in  JAVA7.0 version 2.

But  MachineLearning,Datascience with    Remotewebapplication/webapplication/Mobile web application   is  focused  in  JAVA7.0 version 1.

For  webapplication/Remotewebapplication/Mobile web application(JAVA8.0)  with  Java7.0  is  used  with  GoogleCharts GUI,Fusion chart,Apex plot,JFreechart.   


Note:
=====

JAVA7.0-ML is  about   JAVA7.0  MachineLearning Advanced  concepts  is  invented  by  wilmix jemin .j  at  year  2019.
and  it  is  already  implemented  in  year  2019.  SO  JAVA7.0 Remotewebapplication is  also  called  as
     MX-REMOTEWEBAPPLICATION.
     
 JAVA7Part3   is focused  about    MX-REMOTEWEBAPPLICATION  with  JWEB2.0(jdollar(JWEB))...
  This  JAVA7.0-MX-REMOTEWEBAPPLCIATION   is  a vast  topic.
  This  is known  as JAVA7.0 MachineLearning Part 2.
 

Note:  Java7.0  MachineLearning with  RemoteWebapplication /  Webapplication  is a  new  concept  
wilmix  jemin j  has  designed.In  machine learning  with  console , where one can  optimize  the
source  code  as   2  lines.But  in  case of  WEBapplication/RemoteWebapplication with   MachineLearning
can  fail. That  why  Java7.0 Machine Learning  with  RemoteWebapplication/Webapplication
code  can  be  kept  as  medium..
This  new  concept  is  introduced by  wilmix jemin j  at  year 2016.
That's  i maintained  the  rules  for  Java7.0  Developers...

Rules  For  Java7.0  Developers  for  Java7.0 MachineLearning/WebApplication  is


A)  A  Java7.0 code  may  be  medium  since  it  is  focused  for  webapplication / Remotewebapplication

b)  Mostly  follow  javac <filename.web>  to  write  a   short  code..

c)  Involve  in  writing  your  own logic  for   for loop..

d) Test  the  Java7.0 program using  Java7Shell prompt.

e)Mostly  Use  Java7.0  libraries...

f)  Try  to  write  a  Core Java  logic  and  convert  to  .dll package
and  use  it  in   javac <filenam.web> program. so  that  your code  will
be  minimised  as  10 or  2  lines..

g)  Also  construct  your  user defined  libraries (.dll) and  use it
in  OakJava7(filename.web)










FAQS
======

Why   i  don't  focus  machinelearning/Automation  at  console application?

Since  that  is  useless  and  not  advanced.

That has  no  security. But  that  is used  only  for  testing..

So  i  left  a  choice  for  the R programmming language  to proceed.

and JAVA7.0  .exe files  is  used  in  Remotewebapplication/webapplication/Machinelearning.




